okay someone asked me to do a little
demonstration about all my snare so here
they all are nicely lined up in order of
acquisition from that being my very
first to the orange one at the end being
my latest so what I'm gonna do is first
of all I'll describe each snare and and
then I'll demonstrate each snare and its
strengths and weaknesses and versatility
and such so this very first one is six
and a half by fourteen metal snare that
came with my very first set with the big
old black beast that I used to have the
double kick and all toms and stuff like
that nowadays I usually just use it on a
little practice that I have that I play
while I teach whenever that happens
still sounds decent I got it tuned up so
it's a reasonable sounding snare and uh
it's still in good working condition now
the second one is six and a half by
fourteen it's called free floating snare
by pearl and it's got a brass shell in
it and they're really kind of cool the
reason it's called free floating is
because the shell is not attached to
anything it's sort of clamped between
the two if you can see this head and
this kind of piece of metal it's clamped
between those two by virtue of the
tightening of all the lugs and so you
can take the actual shell out and
replace it with a look of wooden one or
any other material they make several
different shells that are exactly the
same size so you can have you have all
the hardware and you can switch out the
shells which is kind of neat but I fell
in love with the sound of this one so
I'll be dealing with that a little bit
later this next one is one of my
favorites probably my second
it's chad smith signatures shell pearl
it's five by fourteen and it's made out
of nickel some kind of nickel alloy it's
a metal snare and it's so versatile and
it's got a really good crack on it and
it's just very very sweet I often use
this one to play out if I'm doing a lot
of different kinds of songs because like
I said it's very versatile
Nessa's next one is a PDP Pacific drum
it's kind of a baby DW I got this with a
set that I bought a little 5 piece just
for a practice kit and kind of lugging
around kit and it was actually my very
first wooden snare and it sounds amazing
it's it's really light and it's not
cheaply made it's got I think it's made
out of maple and just sounds very nice
very it's got a kind of an old sound to
it like a traditional jazzy you can do
really nice go stroking and all kinds of
intricate playing on it that that only
in my opinion the wooden snares will
really bring out invert incidentally
that's the only one that's not a pearl
snare for my whole collection now this
next one is a 13 by 3 might be three and
a half I'm not sure it's a piccolo snare
and I originally bought this because I
played it in the store and I was like
wow this is so nice and I thought well I
can use it probably two two on my left
as a timbale
if I open the snares or as a nice high
NER to do little intricate stuff but I
also use it if we're playing in a small
venue that we're not making stuff
because it really cuts through the
backbeat is just like so
and flat black and I'll demonstrate that
later now this is my beast my number one
this is the Pearl reference snare that
came with my set and it's six and a half
by fourteen it's got 20 plies on it if I
want to I just turn it over you can see
up thick this baby is see there's six
plies of birch inside of 14 a maple and
it's just it's very very nice snare and
I like the finish on it of course
matches my drums the next one is a
little 10 inch by 5 deep it's called a
firecracker snare by poor pearl and
there's two reasons I bought it one I
was looking for this type of snare but
also just happen to have exactly the
same finish as this so it was like yeah
I'll take that that fits right in my
reason with my set so that's purely an
effects drum that I used mainly as a
kind of a timbale slash really high Tom
slash snare drum high snare drum that I
can do little trills on and back beats
that need to be kind of really clicky
and stuff like that and this last one is
a special edition pearl snare six and a
half by fourteen and it's it's got a
kind of an orange veneer plasticky cover
on it it's actually maple solid maple
and it's got gold gold fittings on the
lugs and it's just the hardware is
beautiful it's also a pearl and its
unique too long a McQuade which is a
Canadian chain store of music it's
remember musical instrument stores
there's probably 20 or 30 across Canada
and that's where I've been buying all my
stuff for the last 20 years or so so
that being said I'll move on to
demonstrating the actuals drones
themselves